All right, so we'll continue
the lecture right, from here
because this is a continuation
of our talk on, list itself.
Now again, there's not too much
to discuss about it here, but still
want to give you a little bit
base of operator overloading.
So what is this operator overloading?
There are a lot of operators
in the world of programming.
Like plus is an operator which adds
two things, which is on their left
and right like this and whatever
is here and it just adds it.
This is designed to add numbers.
But whenever this operator, whether
it's a plus minus, whatever it is,
it's being used
for doing more than one task that is
called as operator overloading.
Let me show you a base
example and you will
understand it much better.
So let's just say I
have a base liquid.
And this base liquid is,
let's just say we want to have water
and another base liquid of milk.
Okay, no problem.
Then we have some
extra liquids as well.
Or probably better one
would be extra flavor.
Flavor looks good.
Extra flavor.
There we go.
Now we have extra flavor of liquid.
And in that again, my
favorite, which is ginger.
Now we want to combine all of them.
We want to make a full liquid mix.
How can we do that?
Surely I showed you the append.
Or we actually saw that we can
actually, combine all of this.
Remember this ingredient append.
We can actually use this or we
can actually go ahead and use
the method that, hey, I just
want to add all of them.
And a lot of methods can be done
just like we saw this extend here.
But there is another way, another
shortcut that I can simply go
ahead and say, hey, base liquid.
And I just want
to add an extra, flavor.
Now again, this plus was not
supposed to do these things,
but it is able to do this thing.
This is your operator overloading.
Yeah, very surprised.
But this is all it is.
What would be the result of it?
No, no surprises here.
Exactly what you have guessed for it.
So we'll just go ahead
and say liquid mix.
And then we are going to say that,
hey, just give me a full liquid mix.
That's it.
That is it.
No big deal.
No surprises, nothing.
So we can see the liquid milk mixes,
water, milk and ginger.
So it just works exactly
like concatenations.
All right, so this is nice
and operative.
Overloading exists
a little bit more as well.
Not just by combining this in
the array especially they, work like
for example, let's just say you want
to have a strong brew and this T
is going to be pretty strong.
So let's just say I have
one ingredient for having a strong
T which is black.
Black T.
So I'll just say now you can use
operator overloading here as well.
Like I want to multiply it by three.
So what is the result?
You might be wondering for that.
And this might surprise you
a little bit, but again this
is investigation study.
So just guess what
could have happened.
So I'll just say strong brew and we
will use strong brew variable here.
Just guess, take a guess.
Will this black T will be three times
or will three be added
just here what will happen?
And again, in case you were able
to guess it right or probably not,
we get three shots of the black T.
That's what multiply by three.
And what would have happened if there
would be another element in it?
That's very surprising.
Let's just say we have
a water in this one.
Now what happens does this three
gets multiplied only by this
or by this or by both of them?
Yeah, that's where the operative
overloading and their
knowledge, is important.
So notice here, black T and water,
then again black T and water,
and then again black T and water.
So technically you can say
yes, it gets multiplied
by each of the element.
That's absolutely correct.
But notice here it was able
to maintain the order as well.
This whole thing one,
this whole thing as twice and this
whole thing as thrice.
Yeah, that's very
interesting part of it.
So, so I hope you get this now
that how this actually goes
and how this actually works.
Now there are a lot of things
which you can actually go ahead
and bring more components onto it.
Like for example, I usually never
like to import anything in between.
I prefer all of my
imports at the top.
But there are things that
you can import as well.
So for example, there is
something known as operator.
And from this whole module we'll
discuss about them later on as well,
you can actually get item getter.
Now notice here it says return
a callable object that fetches
the given item from its operand.
Hi.
This is gibberish.
This is 100% gibberish.
I don't think so.
Anybody can understand this,
what's going on in here.
But if you wish I can show
you some examples as well.
But again the point is that not
just list is powerful, you can
actually bring more operations.
Just like we have seen the operator
overloading, we can bring
more things and we can perform more
operations on the list.
You will see this item getter much
quite in the lot of source codes.
And you can Sort them,
based on variety of steps.
But my goal is not to just
scare you away for this.
The last topic that we're
going to study about this
is an interesting concept.
Let's just say I want
to have one string.
My string is cinnamon.
This is my string and I want
to convert this into a list.
How do I do this?
Because this is a list.
So you might be wondering,
can I go ahead and do this?
For example, if I have a variable
raw spice data and can I go
ahead and use it like this?
Yes, surely you can actually
go ahead and do this.
But then you have one
element in the list.
I want a list of just this string.
That's an interesting
concept in itself.
How you can do that is
a really different way.
You have something inbuilt
known as byte array.
I'll show you more
about the byte array.
But you will use it very rarely.
But still it exists.
I wanted to show you.
And this is a method, so you
don't use square brackets,
you use actually parenthesis,
because parenthesis is
used for tuple as well.
But it is also used for methods.
And inside this you say B
for byte array.
And then you use the quotes
and inside this
you use the cinnamon.
So I'll just go ahead and paste this.
Now this is.
Each element will be treated
as almost like array.
But what's the output?
Yeah, pretty sure you are
interested in that.
So I'll just say raw data or bytes.
Yeah, byte would be good.
Bytes.
And let's just say we have
raw spice data.
What is the output of this?
Pretty interesting actually.
You will see that
still gives you bytes.
And then it says
byte array B cinnamon.
So yeah, it's not an ordinary thing
to actually work with that.
You have to modify this,
you have to replace this.
There's a lot of thing that goes on,
into this one.
And printing is not that easy.
You will use it
rarely, but it exists.
Now the advantage of this is you
can actually perform all these
replace and all these things.
For example, just to show you a
brief example, let's just say
we have a raw spice data in
this you have again lot of
methods like append,
capitalize, center, just like
you have in the list.
Let's just say I want to have
a replace method that I want to use.
So replace also has
a way how it works.
So I'll just say I want
to replace cina.
Instead of cinnamon, we
want to have cardamom.
So I'll just go ahead and say B
and I'll say Cardamom.
And that's it.
Now if I print this again,
I'm manipulating the bytes array.
And again, did we print it up so.
Nope.
And again, the reason is simple.
You expected something
different, but the result is
going to be different.
So what happens in the bytes array?
I'll show you the documentation
and then we'll fix it
to the expected result.
Right now we are expecting that
when we print this raw spice data,
it should have cardamom
instead of the cinnamon.
But we are getting cinnamon.
That is okay, we will fix that.
But for this, let's read a little bit
of documentation so that
we can actually fix this.
This is what investigation study is.
I love that.
So if I come back, I have opened
up the documentation.
This is my bytes array.
One thing that you need
to understand that it returns
a new array of bytes.
Okay, that's good.
And the byte array type is
a mutable sequence of integer.
Okay.
So I can change it
in the range of 0 to 256.
So it's a very small range.
It's usually used only for characters
like this, the string that we have.
So it breaks it down into characters.
It has the most usual method
of mutable sequence.
So yeah, sequence means list.
Yeah, they actually interchangeably
use, use this quite a lot.
Now if it is a string, you
must also give the encoding.
We haven't given that
it's optional, but you should give
them encoding like it is a UTF
8, UTF 16, whatever that is.
And a lot of things are
also mentioned up here.
Now what is the wrong that we are
doing here now whenever you actually
provide or run a method on this,
bytes array, it actually
returns you a new array or bytes.
Bytes array.
What we are doing is we have
performed an operation.
It has given us return back
a value, but we are printing
the original one still.
So one of the fix or a quick fix
that we can do is we can simply
say, hey, raw spice data,
small data would be the value.
Now that whatever the value
you actually return me after
performing this operation, this
will go back onto this one.
And now probably we will
have a different result.
Probably again, because it's
an investigation study.
If I run this again now I see that
I do have bytes array as cardamom.
Okay, it's working as we expected.
But now you also have learned what
and when it is not working, what
to expect and how does it work.
Again, I love this investigation
study because you actually
don't get the answer directly,
but you actually investigate
and then reach onto a point
where it is actually working.
This is my favorite part of it.
All right, so, quite a lot.
But we have now finished
the list entirety as a topic.
Hope you have enjoyed it.
And this is it.
But surely there are lots
of more methods I can create
probably five more videos on.
Just use cases of the list methods.
Like we have seen a lot, like we
have seen these methods, up here
at the top, like reverse and sort.
And I can dance with the examples,
but I don't want to do that.
So that is it for this video.
And I hope you have enjoyed
the journey of lists in Python.